
Slide 1: I guess left hand hospital is more complex one… would be good if children could be more obviously risker – perhaps include some babies?

Slide 3: can we add visuals to make clear that these scales are NOT sensible?
yes, but not sure what - wagging a huge finger side-to-side? :-)

Slide 4: clearly the predicted range needs to be a bar! I’d say put a bar above the 96 being clear that it goes from eg 94%-97% .  and above the 96% number. (we don’t want to draw it around the 96% since that implies that the observed rate comes first…

Slide 5: the hospital looks a bit odd?! I also hope they don’t draw the hospital  with that fake hand thing cos I really don’t like that effect.

Slide 6: I’d make it a long snake of children going into the hospital? (ie not just 4 children), and make some babies…

Slide 7 - 8: like them (but we should put in a proper equation)

Slide 9: do we need this slide? We already say it in the FAQ and I think it jars a bit in the animation… If we do, not sure the image makes sense
Agree, spoils flow completely

Slide 10: replace “=” sign with an arrow point to the right and on the right have a predicted range of 94-97% . Instead of a single child’s picture and survival prob have many portraits (one behind the other going into the distance) each with their own survival percentage. AND if you have that can get rid of the hospital – since this is implies that the hospital is in the formula somehow when it isn’t…

Slide 11: need some babies in here and we shouldn’t have survival percentages on this slide

Slide 12: same as 11 but now with the survival percentages above each child.

Slide 13: don’t make it the last 2  - make it two in the middle (but not adjacent)

Slide 14: Let’s have an x axis now called “overall survival rate” and put it *above* the 98 kids (need to make room for this on slide 13).
Yes, don't just make a dot appear.

Slide 15 – a different 3 kids – again NOT adjacent.

Slide 16: same comment as slide 14, BUT I think we should keep the 98% survival dot from before but gray it out so that it’s clear that it’s from before – again need to add to top of slide 15.

Slide 17. Mike  - you thought you might be able to make them something quick & dirty to show them the basic idea? I think need to keep flashing different kids out as deaths and adding dots to the top range until you have say 60 possible futures
That's the idea we had - seems fine

Slide 18: this slide doesn’t work – if we go with my suggestion for slide 17, then you should have c 3 dots outside the range – we now colour in the predicted range at 94-97% which will include 57 out of the 60 dots. Hopefully not all 3 dots will be on one side of the range!

Slide 19: I think we just superimpose the extended predicted range (with its lighter colour) on slide 18 and say that in 998 out 1000 times the survival will lie in this range. And then perhaps add the sentence “it would be very unexpected for a hospital’s observed survival rate to lie outside the extended predicted range” or something like that? Some what linking it to evidence? (or is that animation 2?). Do we also say “possible future outcomes” here instead of just “outcomes”?

Slide 20: this slide doesn’t work. I think we show two hospitals, both with children snaking throughthe entrance. One had a clearly longer line than the other and the longer one has a narrower predicted range. I don’t think we put any dots in it.

Slide 21: not sure about saying “that year” since actually, it is a 3 year period. Do we just drop “that year”?

Slide 22: assuming these are the same hospitals as initiall need to draw predicted ranges above the hospitals – left hand hosp would be 94-97% and the RH hospital could be eg 95-99%.

Slide 23: plot on the survival dot for each inside the predicted ranges, labelled 96% and 98%.

